card pit the pit karting centre we just
had a little qualifying run we're here
what was your time there are 45 837 I
believe a far-off way far off of
mcdowell here 45-3 but Joey was seeing
Maggie 45 comments and admin 45-7 at a
4590 good fo ah so we have a little
tradition here sandbagging or not Joey
has the honor of wearing the pink haha
join the guy i win may I get to wear his
helmet hey you know I think I think
forward should be wearing it because
look at the gloves this guys wearing
hahahaha hey sorry we're into playing
well let's say that let's get a quick
shot of village who go by the way
brought his own the shoes his own gloves
and some sort of carry case I don't know
is it
greetings we're live from the JGR fan
fest as you see there's sort of a mass
exodus behind us the drivers have just
finished signing the bat that raffle is
done the band is currently not on stage
and apparently we're not enough of a
draw to keep everybody weren't you
autographing a auctioning off a pair of
Dale Jarrett autographed boxer shorts
that na a date with Boris I'm thinking
big bucks hmm so we got a lot of good
stuff in this episode it is the sun
shining the fans are here in throngs the
drivers are all here and you're not so
hopefully those of you watching this had
a good excuse what's your Excuse we got
we got somebody walking through the
camera here hey you want to be on the TV
show okay he doesn't want to be on it
coach games is extremely well known for
being a very good recruited it has some
very unique ways of getting that task
done when he wants somebody has a lot of
ways of letting you know he wants you to
be a part of this team yeah every driver
here has a story how we recruited them
what's the best what you have for I got
a bunch of Asian I think one called me
anytime at 11pm you know that's why he
would call me every night and
mr. phone call he would call me back and
say he's going to call me back we were
talking was just talking to the hey
James I want you I want you it was good
it was included I remember one night he
called me and say what you doing Marla I
think my garage he's a lien on their
morning so it shows up he shows up the
house up in a mafia practicing my dad
was out there no he said berenis walking
around the house hey change you know not
what you write I really want you plus I
cook North Carolina causing that knives
today at a great time you know i want
you i really want you it was that the
best part this is a part of love my
coach to that number one he's a great
guy who's the hottest guy but he will
never calling you from the same place
hey I mean I don't like you cause you
from Excel both all the time but the
matter cell phone so yeah be called you
call somebody back you might get one elf
in Virginia
I think the best part I've never first
of all I've never seen somebody never
call you off his own number and then
second he won't even email you your Hill
is and have it from the behalf of Joe
Gibbs and have somebody else right there
for you so it was it was just comedy and
you know I think right there i do right
there with that this is a program the
interview part that we get a lot of
laughs in this okay ladies and gentlemen
we have a special guest today we are
here with green it's very nice to see
you you're much prettier in person as a
matter of fact I just want to say that
so tell us green are you having a good
time today yeah she said yes right how
was it yes green I have a pretty
important question for you though I've
been working up to this for a long time
and I wanted to know we marry me miss
green we are in the office of none other
than Heath chili tire carrier
extraordinaire for Denny Hamlin sponsor
Rep extraordinaire for fedex and
gamestop and more importantly the new
owner of the much-anticipated I phone
for sprint telephone ladies and
gentlemen he is upgraded from this I
give you the seven year old sprint 1.3
megapixel camera blackberry that he has
actually had in his pocket since the
turn of the century but tell me that's
the only one in existence at this
current time no I actually have been
holding up a table I'm not kitchen the
Smithsonian yeah it was speaks to the
quality of product President Lincoln
called back and won so what do you think
of the new I like it I like it I telling
us telling you guys early it actually
you can actually talk to it which is
which is pretty cool too let's get a
shot once you want to try that I once
you ask it something I need to make a
pit stop okay
that smells all that sounds yes I'm
Vinnie was a baby in there this should I
take two tires or four tires I don't see
any meetings which ties sometimes he
gets a response like that for Benny so
we're hoping this is a springboard to
better things like he's actually moving
from microfiche to a computer or perhaps
upgrading his office phone yeah hold on
getting all those gentlemen the last
American to own a rotary phone see oh
yeah yeah yeah she's in oh let me
transfer you we may actually put this on
ebay ladies and gentlemen there you go
good choice by the way good call good
call he's a little shifty okay we have
with us Sebastian how you doing
Sebastian good how about you doing thank
you uh where you from I'm from gastonia
north carolina yeah sonia and who's your
favorite driver Oh Kyle Busch we have a
Kyle Busch fan with a sports how'd you
get into liking Kyle Busch why do you
like him because he's dominant and he's
a good winner and a great and a great
driver awesome that's cool so you've
seen our show in the past yes I watch it
every time it's on you remember what
your favorite part has been um it's Pern
right yeah we'll go with that anybody
out there you want to give a shout out
to uh Richie moss and Joseph Moore
that's right he's on the show and you
aren't should have come out guys come on
you